Painted on My Memories

[Intro / Instrumental]
(Slow, haunting piano melody similar to "In The End" mixed with the cold static of a dream. A rhythmic ticking clock counts life away in the background )

[Verse 1]
Time is a valuable thing, I watch it fly by as the pendulum swings.
I woke up in a dream today to the cold of the static, trying to find a way to stay.
I forgot about yesterday, remembering only the mistakes I made along the way. 
Everything I kept inside has now become a place where I hide. 
I’m trying to hold on to what I didn't even know, just to watch you go.

[Pre-Chorus]
(Guitars start to swell with tension) Memories consume me like opening a wound. I’m picking myself apart again, and I’ll never be alright tonight. Every step I take is another mistake to you, but I’m caught in the undertow of missing you. I’ve put my trust in you, and pushed as far as I can go.

[Chorus]
(Explosive and heavy with melodic vocals) 
Even if you’re not with me, I’m with you, painted on my memories. 
The sound of your voice is the only thing that’s real to me. 
I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end, it doesn’t even matter how far we've come. 
I had to fall to lose it all, just to find a place for my head. Now I’m trapped in this memory, and I can't bring you back.

[Verse 2]
(Half-spoken, aggressive rhythm) 
Everyone feels so far away from me, and things aren’t the way they were before. 
You wouldn’t even recognize me anymore, acting like I was part of your property. 
I’m so tired of this deceit, trying not to break while I’m back on my feet. 
I watch how the moon sits in the sky, shining with the light of a lie. 
I’m sick of the tension, sick of the hunger, sick of the distance that's pulling me under.

[Bridge / Breakdown]
(Intense screaming and heavy distortion) 
Don’t turn your back on me! I won’t be ignored!. 
I’m coming undone! Irate! Too late!. 
I can’t feel the way I did before, time won't heal this damage anymore!. 
Shut up when I’m talking to you! I’m about to break!. 
Everything you say to me takes me one step closer to the edge!.

[Chorus Final]
(Anthemic and soaring) 
Even if you’re not with me, I’m with you, painted on my memories. 
The sound of your voice is the only thing that’s real to me. 
I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end, it doesn’t even matter how far we've come. 
I’ve become so numb, I can't feel you there, but I’m still with you.

[Outro / Finalization]
(Music fades to a single electronic hum) 
I pretend that the past isn’t real. Watch the time go right out the window. 
I’m with you.... (Whispered) Even when I close my eyes. It all fell apart.