The Ghost in the Mechanism

[Intro / Instrumental]

(A rhythmic, distorted electronic pulse reminiscent of a hospital monitor, followed by a heavy, down-tuned guitar chug)
  

[Verse 1]

(Tight, breathless delivery; almost whispered)

The ghost is back inside the machine again  

Tracing the lines of a pattern that never ends  

I’m staring at the walls of a room with no key  

Trying to find the person I used to be  

A shadow on the glass, a flicker in the dark  

I’m waiting for the flame but I’m choking on the spark  

The silence is loud, and the pressure is weight  

I’m feeding the hunger I’ve learned to hate  

[Pre-Chorus]

(Melodic but strained; atmospheric synths building up)

It’s pulling at the threads, it’s tearing at the seam  

I’m waking up inside a digital dream  

The gravity is shifting, I’m losing the floor  

I can’t remember what I’m fighting for anymore  

[Chorus]

(Explosive and anthemic; high vocal energy with thick distortion)

’Cause I’m caught in the gears of the cycle I made  

Drowning in the debt that can never be paid  

The habit is a cage and the bars are made of glass  

I’m watching my future become my past  

I’m screaming for a way to break the design  

But I’m still running out of time!  

[Verse 2]

(Aggressive, syncopated rap-style; high-impact percussion)

The reflection in the mirror doesn’t look like me  

It’s a different kind of monster that I’ve set free  

I’m picking at the surface just to feel the sting  

I’m a puppet on a wire, I’m a bird with no wings  

You say I’m fine while I’m burning away  

But the sky is turning black in the middle of the day  

I’m a masterpiece of flaws, a collection of lies  

I can see the cold static behind my own eyes  

[Bridge / Solo]

(Chaotic, screeching guitar solo that leads into a rhythmic breakdown; shouted vocals)

TEAR IT DOWN!  

(I’m losing control!)  

LET IT OUT!  

(I’m losing my soul!)  

I’m one step away from the point of no return  

Watch the bridge fall as the gasoline burns!  

[Chorus Final]

(Maximum intensity; layered vocals for a "wall of sound" effect)

’Cause I’m caught in the gears of the cycle I made  

Drowning in the debt that can never be paid  

The habit is a cage and the bars are made of glass  

I’m watching my future become my past  

I’m screaming for a way to break the design  

But I’m still running out of time!  

[Outro / Finalization]

(Sudden silence, followed by a faint acoustic guitar and the original electronic pulse)

It’s just a pattern...  

Just a glitch in the code...  

I’m breaking the link...  

I’m shedding the load...  

(The pulse slows down until it fades into white noise)