The Clarity of the End

[Intro / Instrumental]

(Atmospheric piano melody similar to "Breaking The Habit," slowly joined by a sharp, driving drum beat and rising guitar distortion)

  

[Verse 1]

(Clean, melodic vocals with a steady rhythm)

I spent too long in the ground where I lay  

Trying to see through the gray that clouds my mind each day  

I was a little bit insecure, a little unconfident  

Acting like a part of someone else's property, lost in the torment  

But I’m picking myself apart for the very last time  

To explain in due time why I designed this rhyme  

The pendulum swings but it won't count me down  

I’m picking my head up and leaving this town  

[Pré-Refrão]

(Increasing vocal intensity, guitars getting heavier)

I don’t want to be the one who the battles always choose  

I realized inside I have nothing left to lose  

I’m drawing the line, I’m locking the door  

I’m not the same person I was before!  

[Refrão]

(Powerful, soaring vocals with heavy rhythmic guitar)

I’m breaking the habit, I’m starting again  

I found the clarity to wash away the stain  

I’ve put my trust in me, pushed as far as I can go  

For all the times I fell, now I’m the one to show  

I won’t be ignored, I won’t turn my back  

I’m finding my way out of the black!  

[Verse 2]

(Rhythmic rap-style delivery, high energy)

I’m no longer faithless, lost under the surface  

I found a reason, I found a purpose  

You thought you could smother me, holding too tight  

But I’m the one who’s winning the fight tonight  

I’m not a freak on a leash, I have the release  

Finding the answers and finding my peace  

The wounds they may hurt, but they finally heal  

I’m taking control of what is real!  

[Ponte / Solo]

(Melodic guitar solo that transitions into a heavy breakdown with aggressive vocals)

I AM NOT WHO YOU KNEW BACK THEN!  

(I’M BREAKING THE HABIT TONIGHT!)  

I FOUND A PLACE FOR MY HEAD!  

(I’M STARTING AGAIN!)  

HEAR ME OUT NOW!  

YOU’RE GONNA LISTEN TO ME!  

[Refrão Final]

(Full anthemic sound, maximal volume and emotion)

I’m breaking the habit, I’m starting again  

I found the clarity to wash away the stain  

I’ve put my trust in me, pushed as far as I can go  

For all the times I fell, now I’m the one to show  

I won’t be ignored, I won’t turn my back  

I’m finding my way out of the black!  

[Outro / Finalization]

(Heavy guitars cut out, leaving a clean electric guitar and a sense of calm)

No matter how far I've come  

I can’t wait to see tomorrow  

In the end... it matters now  

It all comes back to me  

(Song ends with a single, resonant bass note)