The Weight of the Static

[Intro / Instrumental]

(Lo-fi hip-hop beat with an atmospheric and melancholic synthesizer, evolving into a distorted guitar riff with a "scratch" effect)
  
[Verse 1]

(Restrained voice, almost a rhythmic whisper)

I woke up to the sound of the static again  

Counting every second like a ticking bomb in my brain  

It’s like the pendulum is swinging, but it’s hitting my chest  

Watching the clock tick my sanity away, I’m obsessed  

They say "time heals," but the wounds just won't close  

I’m picking myself apart, and everyone knows  

I’m a handful of complaints, a little bit of disregard  

Hiding the fact that I’m still carrying these scars  

[Pre-Chorus]

(Gradual increase in distortion, faster rhythm)

The walls are closing in, I’m losing self-control  

There’s something pulling beneath, trying to take my soul  

I’m tired of being what you want me to be  

I’m just caught in the undertow, can't you see?  

[Chorus]

(Explosive, powerful and open vocals)

’Cause in the end, I’m just falling away  

Chasing the light but it’s turning to gray  

I’ve become so numb, I can’t feel the pain  

Like a whirlwind inside, driving me insane  

I tried so hard to keep it all inside  

But the sadness is a face that I can no longer hide!  

[Verse 2]

(Rap-rock style, more aggressive)

Memories consume like a wound opened wide  

I’m clutching my cure while I’m burning inside  

You act like I’m property, you act like I’m blind  

But I’m breaking the habit, leaving you behind  

I don’t know what’s worth fighting for or why I scream  

Lost in the gray of a broken reality dream  

Every step I take is another mistake to you  

But I’m done living life in the shade of your hue  

[Bridge / Solo]

(Starts with an electronic vacuum, followed by shouted "call-and-response" style vocals)

I CANNOT TAKE THIS ANYMORE!  

(Shut up when I’m talking to you!)  

I’M ONE STEP CLOSER TO THE EDGE!  

(Everything you say takes me to the edge!)  

I'm coming undone!  

I'm coming undone!  

(Give me some room to breathe!)  

[Final Chorus]

(Maximum intensity, heavy guitars and vocal layers)

’Cause in the end, I’m just falling away  

Chasing the light but it’s turning to gray  

I’ve become so numb, I can’t feel the pain  

Like a whirlwind inside, driving me insane  

I tried so hard to keep it all inside  

But the sadness is a face that I can no longer hide!  

[Outro / Finalization]

(Rhythm slows down drastically returning to piano and static)

Trust... I put my trust in you  

Pushed as far as I can go  

Now there’s nothing left to show  

Just the static...  

Just the silence...  

(Fade out with the sound of a heartbeat stopping)